doc: Add custom configuration file path to args (#767)
golangci/golangci-lint-action: README.md

          # Optional: working directory, useful for monorepos
          # working-directory: somedir

>           # Optional: golangci-lint command line arguments. Note that the `.golangci.yml` file should be in the root of the repository.
>           # args: --config=.golangci.yml --issues-exit-code=0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Optional: golangci-lint command line arguments.
          # 
          # Note: by default the `.golangci.yml` file should be at the root of the repository.
          # The location of the configuration file can be changed by using `--config=`
          # args: --config=/my/path/.golangci.yml --issues-exit-code=0
```

          # Optional: working directory, useful for monorepos
          # working-directory: somedir

>           # Optional: golangci-lint command line arguments. Note that the `.golangci.yml` file should be in the root of the repository.
>           # args: --config=.golangci.yml --issues-exit-code=0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Optional: golangci-lint command line arguments.
          # 
          # Note: by default the `.golangci.yml` file should be at the root of the repository.
          # The location of the configuration file can be changed by using `--config=`
          # args: --config=/my/path/.golangci.yml --issues-exit-code=0
```
